#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
amqp==5.1.0
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via webauthn
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
bleach==6.1.0
    # via open-api-framework
boltons==21.0.0
    # via
    #   face
    #   glom
cbor2==5.6.3
    # via webauthn
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   flower
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   self-certifi
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
commonground-api-common==1.13.1
    # via open-api-framework
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via commonground-api-common
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-choices
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-markup
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-inclusions
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==3.1.1
    # via open-api-framework
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-log-outgoing-requests
django-axes==6.4.0
    # via open-api-framework
django-choices==1.7.2
    # via django-simple-certmanager
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via open-api-framework
django-filter==24.2
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-jsonform==2.21.5
    # via
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   open-api-framework
django-log-outgoing-requests==0.6.1
    # via open-api-framework
django-markup==1.8.1
    # via open-api-framework
django-ordered-model==3.5
    # via django-admin-index
django-otp==1.5.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==7.3.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==1.3.0
    # via django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via open-api-framework
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via commonground-api-common
django-sendfile2==0.7.0
    # via django-privates
django-setup-configuration==0.1.0
    # via open-api-framework
django-simple-certmanager==1.1.2
    # via zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.0.0
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-two-factor-auth[phonenumberslite,webauthn]==1.16.0
    # via maykin-2fa
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   djangorestframework-inclusions
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via open-api-framework
djangorestframework-inclusions==1.2.0
    # via open-api-framework
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via commonground-api-common
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via open-api-framework
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via commonground-api-common
ecs-logging==2.0.2
    # via elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.22.3
    # via open-api-framework
face==20.1.1
    # via glom
faker==13.15.1
    # via zgw-consumers
flower==2.0.1
    # via open-api-framework
furl==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
gemma-zds-client==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
glom==22.1.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc-db
humanize==4.0.0
    # via flower
idna==3.3
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via commonground-api-common
isodate==0.6.1
    # via commonground-api-common
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via coreschema
josepy==1.13.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via drf-spectacular
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
markdown==3.3.6
    # via -r requirements/base.in
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.0
    # via open-api-framework
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.15.0
    # via open-api-framework
notifications-api-common==0.2.2
    # via commonground-api-common
open-api-framework==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
oyaml==1.0
    # via commonground-api-common
packaging==23.2
    # via drf-yasg
phonenumberslite==8.13.35
    # via django-two-factor-auth
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.20
    # via click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via open-api-framework
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   gemma-zds-client
pyopenssl==23.3.0
    # via
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   webauthn
    #   zgw-consumers
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
python-decouple==3.8
    # via open-api-framework
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via open-api-framework
pytz==2022.6
    # via
    #   celery
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   flower
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   oyaml
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via django-two-factor-auth
redis==5.0.1
    # via django-redis
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   coreapi
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   open-api-framework
    #   requests-mock
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via zgw-consumers
self-certifi==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
sentry-sdk==2.5.1
    # via open-api-framework
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   django-choices
    #   furl
    #   isodate
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
tornado==6.3.3
    # via flower
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   qrcode
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.23
    # via open-api-framework
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webauthn==2.1.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via elastic-apm
zgw-consumers==0.27.0
    # via
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
