#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   redis
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
babel==2.7.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
black==21.9b0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
bleach==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
boltons==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
celery==5.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
    #   self-certifi
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
commonground-api-common==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via recommonmark
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==6.3.2
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
cryptography==3.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   redis
django==3.2.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   django-auth-adfs-db
    #   django-axes
    #   django-choices
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-markup
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-solo
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-auth-adfs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-auth-adfs-db
django-auth-adfs-db==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-axes==5.31.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-better-admin-arrayfield==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-choices==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-cors-headers==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
django-ipware==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
django-markup==1.5
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-ordered-model==3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-privates==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-relativedelta==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
django-sendfile2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-privates
django-solo==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-auth-adfs-db
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-webtest==1.9.10
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   notifications-api-common
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
face==20.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==13.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
    #   zgw-consumers
flake8==3.8.4
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
flower==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
freezegun==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
gemma-zds-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.27
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
glom==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
humanize==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.1.0
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
isort==5.9.3
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreschema
    #   sphinx
josepy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
markdown==3.3.6
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
mozilla-django-oidc==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
notifications-api-common==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
oyaml==1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   redis
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
pep517==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
pip-tools==6.5.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
platformdirs==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.4.2
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyjwt==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   gemma-zds-client
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   josepy
    #   zgw-consumers
pyparsing==2.4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.6
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pytz==2022.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   flower
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   oyaml
recommonmark==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
redis==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-redis
regex==2020.10.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   coreapi
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
self-certifi==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
sentry-sdk==1.5.8
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   django-choices
    #   isodate
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==1.9.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==1.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinx-tabs==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tblib==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via pep517
tomli==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   redis
uritemplate==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.20
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   deprecated
zgw-consumers==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
